Thank you for your patience! Your AT&T Representative will be with you shortly.
Welcome! You are now chatting with 'Brigitte Dominique'
xiaozang li: Hello,
Brigitte Dominique: Hey Xiaozang ! I see that you're chatting in because you're confused about your payment history. I know I don't like it when I don't understand my payments either. I would be more than happy to help you with this today!
xiaozang li: yes
xiaozang li: today I looked through my payment history
xiaozang li: and i found that i payed $200 in 02/29/2013
xiaozang li: i thought it was for my september billing cycle
xiaozang li: then in your system it indicates that I be charged $200 for no reason
Brigitte Dominique: ok, give me one second to look this up for you
xiaozang li: ok
Brigitte Dominique: Is this the first time you've had issues with your payment history?
xiaozang li: this afternoon when i chat with an ATT agent,
xiaozang li: he said there's no problem
xiaozang li: then I looked through all the payment history again
xiaozang li: I still found something must be wrong here
xiaozang li: so I contact ATT again
Brigitte Dominique: Are you currently viewing your bill online? Is it okay if I access your account and view it with you?
xiaozang li: yes
xiaozang li: I am right now looking at my payment history
xiaozang li: do i need to logout?
Brigitte Dominique: nope you are fine. I'm just viewing it along with you
xiaozang li: ok, great
Brigitte Dominique: Are you viewing the paper bill currently. I want to make sure we're viewing the same charges.
xiaozang li: i just looked at the total payments history
xiaozang li: since the paper bill is not the actually amount i payed
xiaozang li: can you tell me why i payed $206.83 at 9/23/2013 for nothing?
xiaozang li: since it is not the billing for september cycle
Brigitte Dominique: Ok, I'm looking over this right now for.
Brigitte Dominique: for you.*
Brigitte Dominique: Thank you for being patient with me, I just need a few more moments to make sure i'm giving you the best information about your account.
xiaozang li: ok, thanks
xiaozang li: i will be waiting here
Brigitte Dominique: ok thank you
Brigitte Dominique: Hey thanks for being so patient! I reviewed your payment history you were charged $206.83 on 9/29/2013 because that was your monthly payment.
xiaozang li: my monthly payment for which month?
Brigitte Dominique: For the month of September the month that you were charged.
xiaozang li: because at 11/03/2013 i also pay $475.86 for September, isn't it?
xiaozang li: so is the billing period in your system showing the wrong messages, or ATT charged me for additional one month service?
Brigitte Dominique: One moment please still reviewing your bill
xiaozang li: ok, thank you, i just need to know if $206.83 is for my september monthly payment, than how about $475.86? Is it still the september monthly payment?
Brigitte Dominique: The first bill with the new billing cycle includes monthly service fees for the price plan and features billed from 09/18/2013 to 10/07/2013.
Brigitte Dominique:
Brigitte Dominique: On your first bill you are charged a partial for activating a new service and you are also charged a full month of service.
xiaozang li: which one is the first bill?
xiaozang li: $200 or $ 475?
xiaozang li: and because I am a premier customer, I should not be charged the activation fees
Brigitte Dominique: The first bill from 9/08/2013 to 10/07/2013 you were charged $206.83 for a partial charge and $475 for a full month's charge. You were not charged activation fees.
xiaozang li: so you mean in september i had been totally charged $681.83?
Brigitte Dominique: I'm sorry you were charged $445 you total bill for the 9/08/2013 to 10/07/2013 was $595.86
Brigitte Dominique: your*
xiaozang li: if $475 is for a full month's charge
xiaozang li: then why there still have $200 for partial charge?
Brigitte Dominique: $445 is a full month's charge you are charged a partial charge because monthly service fees are billed one month ahead
xiaozang li: ok
xiaozang li: so please tell me in the latest billing period(02/08/2014-03/07/2014), am I paying for Feb's monthly charges or March's monthly charges?
Brigitte Dominique: You're being charged for February
xiaozang li: but you said monthly service fees are billed one month ahead
Brigitte Dominique: On your first bill because it was a new billing cycle you were charged one month ahead.
xiaozang li: ok, please help me figure out
xiaozang li: why in my paper billing
xiaozang li: in the latest billing period(02/08/2014-03/07/2014)
xiaozang li: the monthly charges showing Mar 8 thru Apr 7?
xiaozang li: is that means in every billing period, the showing monthly charges is for the next month's monthly charge?
Brigitte Dominique: You have advanced billing what that means is we bill for the upcoming month, similar to how rent or mortgage bill.
xiaozang li: OK, so you mean in the latest billing period(02/08/2014-03/07/2014), I will be charged for March's monthly charges?
xiaozang li: is that correct?
Brigitte Dominique: yes
xiaozang li: OK, thank you , that helps me a lot
xiaozang li: right now I know clearly what happened
xiaozang li: so I still have a question
Brigitte Dominique: Your welcome that's what i'm here for! Great I'm happy you understand now! What else can I help you with today?
xiaozang li: I changed my plan yesterday into the new data share plan rate
xiaozang li: and i chose it to be effective from Mar 8
xiaozang li: so right not the billing amount is not correct, right?
xiaozang li: can you please help me to update it ?
Brigitte Dominique: Right now the billing amount that you've just paid is correct. Since you've changed you rate plan the next bill that you will receive will have the new  rate plan charges on it.
xiaozang li: when i change my plan rate
xiaozang li: there were 3 options
xiaozang li: I chose back date to the billing cycle
xiaozang li: which is March 8th
xiaozang li: so the monthly charge of March should also be changed, right?
Brigitte Dominique: Right! There will be an automatic credit of over $300 dollars on your next bill because when you get back date your bill you are credited for the next bill.
xiaozang li: Thank you very much
xiaozang li: This really help me
Brigitte Dominique: You're very welcome!
xiaozang li: I am very appreciate that
Brigitte Dominique: I'm glad it did ! :)
xiaozang li: Thank you, good night
Brigitte Dominique: Your welcome! Thanks for chatting in with me tonight! I'm so happy I could help. Enjoy the rest of your evening !! :)